About the project

Log In Credentials

Admin : Ad71502   Password : Anamika@123
Employee : 416640  Password :  user@7

Admin Functionalities:

1. In the dashboard , no of employees in the organization can be seen , total departments in the organisation, total pending leaves.
	On clicking total department card , a bar chart pops out showing working hour for each the departments in hours.
	On clicking pending leave card, department wise pending leave bar chart pops out.
	Below there are graph showing total employess per department and also leave status .

2. Can add new employee, view list of all employees, view profile of each employee and also delete them 
	** Initially when admin will add new employee, their password will be   Password@123    which  needs to be changed on employee first login.

3. Can view attendance which shows date , day, time in, time out, working hours

4. Can view leaves of all employees , status of their leave, if pending, can accept or reject the leave and clicking on the view option can see the detailed 
   information about the leaves.
    
   Can add new leaves, edit previous leaves and also delete the previos leaves.

5. Can view salary of all employees, search by employee name or department. Can update salary of employees and also generate payslip of each employee

6. In report section, there are two sections, leave and attendance.
	In attendance section, clicking on the the employee name, a bar chart will pop out showing day wise working hours
	In leave section, searching any employee and clicking on name will show a pie chart showing leave status of that employee

7. In view role, there are departments, showing no of departments, no of employee in that department and head of that department (if any).
   Can also add new role.

8. In last section, admin can update employee department by clicking on action button and edita role.
   Can also add new admin.


Employee Functionalities:

1. After login, it will redirect to dashboard page where he/she can see their full information. Can update their personal information and also change his/her password.

2. Can view his/her own attendance . Can give attendance but time in should be after 8 a.m. and before 11 a.m. and time out should be after 5 p.m. and before 10 p.m.

3. Can view his/her leave list.
   On leave application page, can see the balance of each leave, now of pending leaves, requested, rejected and accepted.
   Can also apply for leaves.

4. Can generate his/her own payslip for every month.

